Checkpoint 4 (#36)
LaunchCodeEducation/data-analysis-curriculum: content/assignments/assignment4/checkpoint-4/_index.md

+++
title = "Checkpoint 4: Tableau Story"
date = 2023-05-25T12:55:09-05:00
draft = false
weight = 4
+++

## Before You Start

You want to first check to see if you have received any feedback from Checkpoints 2 and 3. This
feedback could influence the direction of your work on Checkpoint 4. If you want to change anything
about what you have done so far in earlier checkpoints, you do not have to re-submit any previous

> checkpoints unless your mentor requests you do so. You can simply add any updated work and notes to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
checkpoints unless your IA or instructor requests you do so. You can simply add any updated work and notes to
```
